add faq about blocked extensions (#7311)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/copilot/faq.md

- Make sure you have the latest version of both the [GitHub Copilot](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.copilot) and [GitHub Copilot Chat](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.copilot-chat) extensions.
- Your GitHub account that is signed into VS Code must have an active Copilot subscription. Check your [Copilot subscription](https://github.com/settings/copilot).

### Why is my Copilot Chat extension blocked?

> If you receive a message that a 3rd-party extension is blocked from using Copilot Chat, the extension was likely disabled due to a detected pattern of abuse coming from that specific extension. Please contact the developer of the extension (found on the VS Code Marketplace).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive a message that a third-party extension is blocked from using Copilot Chat, the extension was likely disabled due to a detected pattern of abuse coming from that specific extension. Contact the publisher of the extension when you encounter this issue. You can find the publisher information on the extension details page in the VS Code Marketplace.
```

> If you receive a message that a third-party extension is blocked from using Copilot Chat, the extension was likely disabled due to a detected pattern of abuse coming from that specific extension. Contact the publisher of the extension when you encounter this issue. You can find the publisher information on the extension details page in the VS Code Marketplace.

Reviewer 2: Can we not say "third-party". We do not want it to sound like 1st parties we treat specially.

So I suggest to just say "extension".

> If you receive a message that a third-party extension is blocked from using Copilot Chat, the extension was likely disabled due to a detected pattern of abuse coming from that specific extension. Contact the publisher of the extension when you encounter this issue. You can find the publisher information on the extension details page in the VS Code Marketplace.

Reviewer 2: It is called "VS Marketplace", not "VS Code Marketplace"

> If you receive a message that a third-party extension is blocked from using Copilot Chat, the extension was likely disabled due to a detected pattern of abuse coming from that specific extension. Contact the publisher of the extension when you encounter this issue. You can find the publisher information on the extension details page in the VS Code Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive a message that an extension is blocked from using Copilot Chat, the extension was likely disabled due to a detected pattern of abuse coming from that specific extension. Contact the publisher of the extension when you encounter this issue. You can find the publisher information on the extension details page in the Visual Studio Marketplace.
```
```suggestion
If you receive a message that a third-party extension is blocked from using Copilot Chat, the extension was likely disabled due to a detected pattern of abuse coming from that specific extension. Contact the publisher of the extension when you encounter this issue. You can find the publisher information on the extension details page in the VS Code Marketplace.
```
